When running the program, go into the src folder and then run the python program. You MUST be inside of 
the src folder before running the python program or the paths for the file reader and file writer will
not work as intended.


The questions that you can enter into the program include two parts:
1. the company name
2. the part of the 10-K file

The companies that you can choose from are:
1. AMD
2. NVIDIA
If both company names are given, then it is defaulted into AMD and if no company names are given, then
the program prompts the user into entering a company name.

The parts of the 10-K file that you can choose from are: (only the part within the parenthesis are needed)
1. "all information" - returns everything from part 1 to part 4
2. "business background and risks" - returns everything in part 1
3. "operations and disclosures" - returns everything in part 2
4. "company structure" - returns everything in part 3
5. "financial statements" - returns everything in part 4
6. "business" - returns everything in item 1 
7. "risk factors" - returns everything in item 1A 
8. "unresolved staff comments" - returns everything in item 1B
9. "properties" - returns everything in item 2
10. "legal proceedings" - returns everything in item 3
11. "mine safety disclosures" - returns everything in item 4
12. "Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities" - returns everything in item 5
13. "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" - returns everything in item 7
14. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk" - returns everything in item 7A
15. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" - returns everything in item 8
16. "Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure" -- returns everything in item 9
17. "Controls and Procedures" - returns everything in item 9A
18. "Other Information" - returns everything in item 9B
19. "Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections" - returns everything in item 9C
20. "Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance" - returns everything in item 10
21. "Executive Compensation" - returns everything in item 11
22. "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters" - returns everything in item 12
23. "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence" - returns everything in item 13
24. "Principal Accountant Fees and Services" - returns everything in item 14
25. "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" - returns everything in item 15
26. "Form 10-K Summary" - returns everything in item 16
If none of these are entered, then the program tells the user to ask another question.

For both the company name and part of the 10-K file, the order in which they are given within a file and
the capitalization of the words are irrelevant. In addition, the inclusion of other words will not have
an impact on the results. To end the program, the user only needs to type "1" to do so. Any other input
will not end the program.