    I decided to use a while loop to iterate through the functions I needed everytime to ensure that the
program ran until the user decided to end the program. Within the while loop, I called multiple functions
in order to fulfill the assignment requirements and I included a check to see when the loop should end.

    Within the loop, I first prompt the user for a question about the companies that I chose, which were
AMD and NVIDIA. Then, I called the functions, "findCompany()" and "findSection()". The "findCompany()"
function checks the question to find the company name and then returns the file path associated with the
company's 10-K. This is stored in a variable called fileName to be used later and if the company name is
not found in the question, then the user is prompted again to enter the company name. If neither company
name is entered this time around, the user is prompted for the next question. The "findSection()" function
checks the question to see if the user is refering to any part or item listed in the 10-K. All of the 
possible phrases that can be used and what the phrases are refering to are listed within the 
"test_output.txt" file. If none of these phrases are used, then the user is prompted for the next 
question, but if a valid phrase is entered, the program calls a function named "printResults()" with the
regular expressions of the correct starting and ending points as parameters.

    The "printResults()" function first initalizes the regular expressions. Then, it opens both the file
reader to read the file given earlier which is stored in the fileName variable and file writer. The 
program then starts searching through the file line by line checking to see when the starting regular 
expression is found. When the starting regular expression is found, then the file writer starts outputing
the lines to the "output.txt" file until the ending regular expression is found. Afterward, both the file
reader and file writer are closed.

    After going through these functions, the user is prompted once again to enter another question when
they are ready because the "output.txt" file is overwritten everytime a question is asked. The user is 
told that this occurs when the file writer is finished writing. 